Here’s  this week’s update from the washingtonpost.com newsroom.  If you
have links to pass along, or  questions you’d like to see addressed in this
email, please drop me a line at jim.brady@washingtonpost.com.



NOTE ON BLOG ISSUE

As many of you probably know, we  pulled down the comments area of our
post.blog last Thursday. The problems  started when a handful of bloggers,
angry about a line in Deborah Howell’s Jan.  15 column on The Post’s
coverage of the Abramoff scandal, got together and asked  their readers to
post complaints in the blog. We received almost 1,000 comments  over the
next four days, and we did our best to keep the problematic posts out.  On
Thursday, Deborah posted a clarification regarding the column, at which
time  the pace and nastiness of the posts picked up. Within a few hours, we
were  unable to keep up with the pace of profane and offensive posts, so we
shut down  the comments area. Specifically, a few especially offensive
comments about Post  staffers were on the site for more than an hour. I
apologize for  that.



The idea behind having open comments  on our blogs is to foster more of a
dialogue with our readers. We’ve had these  features on the site for about
a year now, and this is the first time we’ve run  into a problem of this
magnitude, so we’re hoping this is the exception and not  the rule.
Nonetheless, we’re going to take a hard look at our staffing and the  tools
at our disposal to better manage this interaction. When we’re able to be
more efficient at dealing with this problem, we’ll look at restoring the
boards.




RECENT LAUNCHES  (new launches in red)

·          1/20:  First  set of new financial tools through Marketwatch,
including a calendar of  earnings statements, the ability to add dynamic
charts onto related stories, sector  snapshots and a customizable  stock
ticker.

·          1/18:  Daily  Washington Post podcast.

·          1/16:  New home page,  withembedded  traffic cameras on local
page during rush hour, and a permanent inline video  player on both local
and national pages.

·          1/9:Maryland Moment,  a blog about state politics handled by The
Post’s Marylanddesk.

·          1/3: Raw Fisher, the  new local blog by Marc Fisher.

·          1/3:The  Checkout, a new consumer blog by Caroline  Mayer.

·          12/30:A new  Live  Online schedulethat gets rid of the old
pop-up version, and saves  hours of production time for the LOL team.

·          12/29: Alito votes  databasecreated to support this1/1 Post
article.

     12/22: Archives were officially changed  so that readers now get 60
   days free, and not just 14. Here’s the press  release.

TIP OF THE  WEEK

   Advanced  Search: Even as we keep moving  toward a relaunch of our news
   search, it should be noted that if you’re  struggling to find something
   in the current search, you can try and more  specific search here.  You
   can search specifically in the text of articles or by headline, author
   and  page number.

POST/POST.COM  WINS

   Campaign for the  Court: Fred  Barbash, Jo Becker and Lexie Verdon
   teamed up the web site to provide an  invaluable play-by-play account of
   the Alito hearings. The reports from the  paper were supplemented by
   video inserts by our multimedia team and dispatches  from new politics
   editor Jason Manning. The blog format proved to be a  terrific way to
   tell stories in real time with various types of media.  Additionally, we
   had 63,000 live streams of the Alito hearings from Jan. 9-11.
   Best  of the Post:This photo feature collected 2.1 mullion page views
   between Dec. 24 and  Jan. 4.

WORTH A  PEEK

   Translation  Site:This  site provides the ability to do English
   translations of 12  languages.
   Washington  Wire:The  Wall Street Journal turns its venerable column
   into a blog.



OTHER NEWS

Awards

   washingtonpost.com received 31 out  of the 90 awards given by the White
   House News Photographers  Association's  "Eyes of History 2006"
   television contest. Travis Fox was  also named editor of the year for
   the third time in four years. The full list  of winners can be found
   here: http://whnpa.org/contest/06tvresults.htm. Every one of
   washingtonpost.com’s video journalists won at least two awards. This is
   the  second year in a row we’ve had a dominant performance in these
   awards; we won  29 WNHPA awards in 2005.

Podcasting

   We are now officially in business  on podcasting. We are have two
   podcasts:
      The Daily Post Podcast, where we  take one story from that day’s
      paper and record it. The first few  selections:
         1/18: The Numbers Game, by  David Segal
         1/19: Federal Grants Bring  Surveillance Cameras to Small Towns,
         by David A. Farenthold
         1/20: Safe at Home, by Les  Carpenter
         1/22: Local Sports Podcasts,  by Scott Moore
         1/23: Professionals Fleeing  Iraqas Violence, Threats  Persist by
         Doug Struck
         1/24: Rest in Pieces, by Peter  Carlson
      The Nightlife Agenda Podcast,  featuring post.com staffers Rhome
      Anderson, Fritz Hahn and David Malitz, looks at upcoming  local music
      events and play clips from area bands. You can download  that podcast
      here or sign up for an RSS  feed.
   washingtonpost.com’s video podcast  is ranked No. 10 on the iTunes video
   podcast list and No. 35 on the  overall podcast list.
   To subscribe to these podcasts,  you can subscribe from our podcasting
   page or through iTunes.  Also, you can subscribe by searching on
   “washingtonpost.com” on  iTunes.

Home Page

   As mentioned earlier, we launched  a slightly tweaked home page last
   week. Here are the changes we  made:
      We added live traffic camera  images to the local home page for use
      during rush hour. You can toggle  through six key cameras or go to
      the traffic area and look at any of our 200  cameras.
      On the national page (and on the  local page when the traffic cameras
      are not there), we now have an inline  video player permanently on
      the page. The player will always reside in one  of three places: 1)
      in the lead art slot when we have major breaking news;  2) in the
      lower right on the top news table, when we have video associated
      with a story, but not a huge story; and 3) in the features area,
      right below  Daily Diversions.
      We added a collection of  Religion headlines to the bottom of the
      home page, as we try and increase  our coverage in that area.

Wireless

   We've made a few tweaks to our  wireless site, www.twp.com. First, we've
   added Metro as an option,  because users have consistently written to us
   requesting it. Second, we've  changed the article pages. The first page
   of a story includes the first graph  and then the full story. The
   following pages tell you what page you're on  (i.e. page 3 of 6) and
   each page contain 10 paragraphs.

Personnel

   Jen Moyer was named COO of WPNI, effective  Feb. 1. She currently serves
   as Vice President, Finance & Business  Development.
   Jason Manningbegan as politics editor on Jan.  3. Jason had been the
   national/local web editor for The NewsHour With Jim  Lehrer, and has
   also worked at U.S. News & World Report as a graduate  intern at
   washingtonpost.com in 2000.
   Liz Heronstarted earlier this month as a  producer in Metro, Health and
   Education.
   Robb Crockerhas been hired as weekend editor.  Robb comes to us
   from Richmond.com where he was editor for  the past year. Weekend editor
   is a new position for us, designed to give the  site more consistency on
   weekends.

Multimedia

   One of the Aceh video pieces done  by Travis Fox in December --
   Tsunami Peace  -- is slated to run on PBS’s Foreign Exchange with Fareed
   Zakaria  on Sun., Jan. 29. The show is expanding rapidly around
   the country  and is finally on the country's biggest PBS
   channels, including WETA here  in D.C. This marks the fourth video of
   ours the show has run.

PRESS  ROOM

   Soothe  the Blog and Reap the Whirlwind (New York Times)
   The Newspaper  That Excels at Video (Poynter)
   Wash  Post Video Journalist Travis Fox Named WNHPA’s Editor of the Year
   (Editor  & Publisher)
   Craigslist  Founder Envisions New Media (Information Week)
   Want  to E-Mail a NY Times Columnist? Better Subscribe to TimesSelect
   (Editor  & Publisher)
   Local  TV Stations’ Web Revenue Doubled in ‘05 (MediaWeek)
   Time  Inc. Merges Business Titles, Nixes Paid Model  (MediaPost)
   Read  All About It: Newspapers Are a Buy (CBS MarketWatch)
   Instead of pulling out all these  posts individually, here’s a link  to
   a handful of posts about the post.blog  controversy.
