Here’s the latest  update from the washingtonpost.com newsroom.  If you
have  links to pass along, or questions you’d like to see addressed in this
email,  please drop me a line at jim.brady@washingtonpost.com.





RECENT LAUNCHES  (new launches in red)

·     2/8: Tales From Turin, a Winter Olympics  blog by The Post’s Dan
Steinberg.

·    2/7: Winter Olympics special section.

   2/7: Hyperlinked bylines for reporters  (example). We have also built a
   staff directory page, but are not linking to that yet,  as we’re still
   working with Rajiv and Claudia on how to promote the page.
   2/6: D.C. Wire, a political blog for D.C.,  updated by Metro’s D.C.
   reporters. This now gives us local political blogs for  D.C., Maryland
   and Virginia, so a big thanks to Metro for that.
   2/3: Parenting e-mail, by Post.com staffer L. Carol  Ritchie.
   1/31:New Real Estateand Rentalssections.We've launched a  quick
   search on the fronts of both sections, and the classifieds  team has
   updated some ad products and repackaged the content and tools in a  more
   comprehensive way.
   1/30:Addition of Technorati “Who’s  Blogging?” links to individual blog
   posts. (Examples at ends of each post  here).
   1/29: New horoscopes section, featuring daily overviews of all  12 signs
   and an interactive love match tool.
   1/20: Turin Travels, a blog detailing the region set  to host the Winter
   Olympics, written by The Post’s Daniela Deane.
   1/20:First set of  new financial tools through Marketwatch, including a
   calendar of earnings statements, the ability  to add dynamic chartsonto
   related  stories, sector snapshotsand a  customizable stock ticker.
   1/18: Daily Washington Post podcast.
   1/16: New home page, withembedded traffic cameras on local  page during
   rush hour, and a permanent inline video player on both local and
   national pages.
   1/9:Maryland Moment, a blog about state politics  handled by The Post’s
   Maryland desk.
   1/3: Raw Fisher, the new local blog by Marc  Fisher.
   1/3:The Checkout, a new consumer blog by Caroline  Mayer.



TIP OF THE WEEK

   City Guide  Search: When using washingtonpost.com’s City Guide, the best
   way  to refine searches is to use the faceted search that runs along the
   left side  of the search return page. For example, using Restaurants as
   an example, you’ll see the top box in the  left rail already has
   Restaurants listed as a filter. Below that box, you’ll  see a number of
   available facets to refine your search, including location,  price,
   atmosphere, reader rating, reviewer, etc. To refine the Restaurants
   search, for example, choose “D.C.” from the location box, and the search
   will  remove all Maryland and Virginia restaurants. Now, you’ll be
   presented with a  list of D.C. communities. Choose “Tenleytown,” and the
   list will refine  further. On the top left, you’ll now see the list of
   filters: Restaurants,  D.C. and Tenleytown. If want to remove any of
   these filters, merely click on  the “X” to the left of any of the terms,
   and the page will repopulate without  that filter. This is how faceted
   search –an increasingly popular search format  – works. The one area of
   confusion this has created for some folks is that if  you search using
   the search input box stripped across the top of the page, it  will
   search the entire database and override any filtering you’ve  done.



POST/POST.COM  WINS

   State of the Union: Working with Tom Edsall and The  Post’s political
   team, we put together an analysis of the State of the Union  speech that
   used video clips to illustrate particular points. We got kudos  from
   Lost Remote for this coverage.
   The Singing Senators: Metro’s Roz Helderman put together  a great blog
   post using multimedia, getting nine Virginia state senators and  the
   attorney general to take a crack at singing “Shenandoah,” when a bill
   was  proposed that would make it the state song. Some of these attempts
   put  “American Idol” to shame.
   Key Races: Working closely with The Post’s  political staff, we’ve built
   out an interactive map of key midterm races. The  feature has profiles
   of the candidates and states, and also features links to  candidate Web
   sites and more.
   Washington Auto Show: We worked closely with Warren  Brown to help him
   unveil his Common Sense Awards, and supported The Post’s coverage with
   audio photo galleries, panoramas from the show, and a collection of
   related  live discussions
   Post/Stanford Experiments: Washingtonpost.com and Stanford's  Political
   Communication Lab are collaborating on a series of  online experiments
   designed to test real hypotheses on important issues  in political
   science, sociology and psychology.  Stanford Researcher  Shanto Iyegnar
   and The Post’s Rich Morin are directing the  experiments. Morin's weekly
   A2 column will explain what each experiment  is about and invite readers
   to go to washingtonpost.com to take  part. Once at washingtonpost.com,
   readers are invited to enter a  self-contained co-branded Web site that
   will test their preconceptions and  perceptions on social and political
   issues.  When a large enough sample  group has participated in an
   experiment, Shanto and Rich will present the  results in Rich's column
   and in online discussions.



WORTH A PEEK

   Politics TV:This multimedia politics site  launched just last week. It’s
   a partisan site, but the concept – a Web TV site  for politics – is
   interesting.
   CQPolitics.com:Congressional Quarterly gets into  the political blog
   game.


PRESS  ROOM

   Brightcove to Distribute Broadband Video for Times  (MediaPost)
   New Media Age, New Marketing Strategies (Online Journalism  Review)
   The Times Likes This Site So Much, It Bought the Company  (Poynter)
   From the Mouths of Masters, A Deeper Truth (The Digital  Journalist)
   Staying Connected, Staying Relevant (Poynter)
   Online Newspaper Viewership Reaches New High in November  2005 (NAA)
   BBC Editors to Tell All on New Blog  (Journalism.uk.co)
   Budde Outlines Yahoo News Future (MediaPost)
   Search Engines Challenged on ‘Theft’ (FT.com)
   People Spending Equal Time on Web, TV (TechWeb)
   Papers Take a Leap Forward, Opening Up to New Ideas (USA  Today)
   Time to Get Tough: Managing Anonymous Reader Comments  (Online
   Journalism Review)
   L.A. Times’ Prescription for Root Rot? Web Injections (L.A  Voice)
   Washingtonpost.com News Content Now Available at blinktv.com  (press
   release)



BLOG BUZZ

   Soccer Dad likes the increased interactivity on the site,  especially
   linked bylines.
   Lost Remote was impressed with our coverage of the State of  the Union.
   FishBowlNY talks to NYU journalism professor Jay Rosen about  The Times,
   The Post and other topics.
   L.A. Observed talks about some changes in the Web strategy  at the L.A.
   Times.
