Sorry for the long delay in getting this update  out...



Here’s the latest update from the  washingtonpost.com newsroom.  If you
have links to pass along, or questions you’d like to see addressed in this
email, please drop me a line at jim.brady@washingtonpost.com.


TRAFFIC INFORMATION

January  Traffic

   According to Nielsen, washingtonpost.com had 8.8  million unique
   visitors in January, tied for our second most ever. Among  newspaper
   sites, we ranked third behind the New York Times (12.1 million) and  USA
   Today (10.3 million).
   The  most popular content areas of the site in January were home page
   (82.1 million  page views), Opinion (19.9 million), Photo (12.1
   million), Arts & Living  (10.1 million), Sports (9.6 million), Nation
   (8.9 million), Metro (8.2  million), Politics (8.04 million), Style
   (8.02 million) and World (7.1  million).
   The  three most viewed articles in January:
   N.Y.  Times Editor-Reporter Dies After Attack in NW, by Martin Weil and
   Allan  Lengel, received 410,000 page views.
   After  44 Hours, Hope Showed Its Cruel Side, by Tamara Jones and Ann
   Scott  Tyson, received 326,000 page views.
   Abramoff  Pleads Guilty to 3 Counts, by Susan Schmidt and James V.
   Grimaldi,  received 308,000 page views.
   Drudge Report was responsible for 2.8 million  referrals in January, up
   from 1.7 million in December. Yahoo News provided 2.5  referrals,
   compared to 1.7 million in December.



Live Online  Traffic

·          From  6/19/05through 12/31/05, the following live discussions
ranked the  highest in terms of average page views per week: Carolyn Hax:
60,935; Gene Weingarten: 39,921; Post Politics Hour: 36,633; Ask Tom:
22,966; Got Plans?: 18,320; Dan Froomkin: 15,367; Michael Wilbon: 14,986;
On TV: 11,570; Marc Fisher: 10,122; and Michelle Singletary: 9,677.

·          From  6/19/05through 12/31/05, the following live discussions
ranked the  highest in terms of unique visitors per week:Carolyn Hax:
12,882; Post Politics Hour: 11,726; Ask Tom: 8,628; Gene Weingarten: 7,064;
Got Plans?: 6,810; Dan Froomkin: 6,261; Michael Wilbon: 5,977; Michelle
Singletary: 5,257; Rob Pegoraro: 5,070; Amy Joyce:  4,062





RECENT LAUNCHES   (new launches in red)

   3/9:  On  Balance, a lifestyle blog about balancing  between work and
   parenting by author Leslie Morgan  Steiner.
   3/5: The  second wave of improvements on our stock market/financial data
   pages, which  are provided by Marketwatch.com. The new markets package
   includesimproved company  pages, an upgraded calendar  of upcoming
   economic events, an  earnings calendar, improved listings of company
   SEC filings and earnings,  interactive charting  abilities, the addition
   of Marketwatch.com  news stories, a more detailed listing of analysts'
   upgrades and downgrades. Also, there’s a new gateway to market data at
   the  top of the Business section (including a user-customizable
   scrolling stock  ticker).
   3/5: Celebritology, a new  pop culture blog by washingtonpost.com’s Liz
   Kelly.
   2/28: Tip-Off  Challenge, an  interactive poll that will determine the
   best local college basketball team  ever.

   2/22: Launch of del.icio.us  functionality on article pages. This allows
   readers to save or share articles  with other readers, and also drops
   Post articles into a public bookmark  database that we expect will help
   us tremendously as more users begin using  del.icio.us, which was
   recently purchased by Yahoo! To see an example, look  under the
   Technorati box on our  article pages.

   2/16:  The Washington Post Photo  Store, in partnership with The
   Washington Post Writers Group.
   2/22: Nationals Journal  is back for another season.
   2/8:Tales From Turin, a Winter  Olympics blog by The Post’s Dan
   Steinberg.
   2/7: Winter  Olympics special section.
   2/7: Hyperlinked bylines for reporters  (example).  We have also built a
   staff directory  page.
   2/6: D.C. Wire, a  political blog for D.C., updated by Metro’s D.C.
   reporters. This now gives us  local political blogs for D.C., Maryland
   and Virginia, so a big thanks to Metro for  that.
   2/6:  Daytona Fan Fare blog, by  Post.com staffer Mike Snyder.
   2/4:  Off the Runway, a blog by  Robin Givhan, covering the fashion
   weeks in New  York, Milanand Paris.
   2/3: Parenting  e-mail, by Post.com staffer L. Carol Ritchie.
   1/31:New Real Estate and Rentals sections.We've  launched a quick
   search on the fronts of both sections, and the  classifieds team has
   updated some ad products and repackaged the content and  tools in a more
   comprehensive way.
   1/30:Addition of Technorati “Who’s  Blogging?” links to individual blog
   posts. (Examples at ends of each post here).
   1/27: The 2006Oscars  package.



TIP OF THE  WEEK

   Tip of the Week is on vacation, and will return in  the next update.



POST/POST.COM  WINS

   The Post's Dan Morse and  washingtonpost.com's Chet Rhodes
   collaborated to get video of some middle-aged hip-hop wannabes for on a
   Feb.  26 article. Dan had the initiative to  keep hounding the
   performers for a tape, and Chet came into work on Saturday  afternoon to
   edit and post the clip. Both went well beyond the call of duty to  make
   this happen.

   The  leaked video of President Bush being warned about Katrina was not
   only the  basis of a terrific  story by Spencer Hsu and Linton Weeks,
   but the video itself was No. 1 on  the site's most-emailed list for
   almost two full days. This is the first time  anyone at post.com can
   remember a video being the most e-mailed on the site at  all, much less
   for two days.
   The  Singing Senators,Part 2: Metro’s Roz Helderman followed up on her
   success of getting Virginia state  senators to try and sing "Shenandoah"
   by getting state delegates to try it as  well.
   The first of  our redesigned columnist pages launched this past week in
   Politics.



WORTH A  PEEK

   http://www.flickrmap.com/:Cool mashup site that allows you to browse
   photos from different parts of the  world through a map interface.
   http://www.parkingcarma.com/its/DesktopDefault.aspx?tabid=65:  Another
   cool mashup, this one allows you to see how many parking spaces are
   available in Bay Area public parking lots.
   http://preview.local.live.com/: This  Microsoft demo site allows you to
   move a car around maps of Seattle and San  Francisco at the bottom of
   the screen, and see photos of that block on the top  of the screen. It's
   buggy, but interesting.
   http://www.backfence.com/home/index.cfm?mycomm=AR:  Backfence has
   launched a hyperlocal site in  Arlington.
   The Washington City Paper and Examiner have  launched redesigned Web
   sites.


OTHER NEWS

Awards

Washingtonpost.com won four Digital Edge Awards on Feb. 19, including Best
Overall News Site for  papers with a circulation of 250,000 or greater.
Other awards included Best  Employment Strategy, Best Automotive Strategy
and Best Entertainment Site.In honoring washingtonpost.com as the best
overall news site winner, the judges said: "Pushing the boundaries of a
multimedia news site, washingtonpost.com is building a model of a newspaper
Web  site as an interactive forum. The site's breadth of coverage, video
storytelling  and embrace of blog culture and collaborative media make it a
standout."

In the Best Employment Strategy category, the judges said of  our Jobs
section: "It's no mystery  why washingtonpost.com/jobs has won twice during
the past three years: The site  search is excellent, the design clean and
the listings plentiful. Employers  benefit from a range of services that
included applicant tracking, customized  resume search criteria and
automatic posting of listings from the employers' Web  sites."



In the Best Automotive  Strategy category, the judges said of our Cars
section: "Washingtonpost.com/cars  is a great example of a beautifully
designed site that manages to offer  significant and useful automotive
content and smart search in an attractive auto  package.



In the Best Entertainment Site category, the judges said of
washingtonpost.com's City Guide: "With a  lively mix of blogs, live
discussions and podcasts, the Entertainment Guide  directs readers to the
best going-out options D.C. has to offer. Judges praised  the site's search
schema, highly visible editors' picks and special ideas for  the throngs of
tourists who flock to the nation's capital. The City Guide was  relaunched
with a new search engine and a new name in the summer of 2005.



Washingtonpost.com was  also nominated for Best Real Estate Strategy and
Best Design and Site  Architecture.



Here's the full list of winners and links to  their sites.





Personnel

   Nancy Donaldson started as a  part-time photo editor on February  22.



PRESS  ROOM

   Washington  Post, N.Y. Times Invite Readers Into the E-Mail Conversation
   (Editor &  Publisher)
   Washingtonpost.com  Adds del.icio.us Links (Poynter)
   Mainstream  Media Warms Up to Web 2.0 (MediaPost)
   61  Percent Get Local News From Newspapers (BaltimoreSun)
   Dan  Steinberg on Covering Curling… (CJR Daily)
   Digital Era Leaves  No Time for Newspapers to Rest in Print (Investor’s
   Business  Daily)
   The  Best Blogging Newspapers in the U.S. (BluePlateSpecial.net)
   News Is Expensive Offline,  but How Can It Stay Free Online? (AdAge)
   Mr.  Rogers Comes to Blogging (BluePlateSpecial.net)
   Old Media Loves New  Media (Red Herring)
   AP Online Video Network  Out of Beta (LostRemote)
   Yahoo  Says It Is Backing Away From TV-Style Web Shows (N.Y.  Times)



BLOG  BUZZ

   Blogma likes our  del.icio.us deal. So does Metroblogging  Washington.
   And Search Engine  Journal.
   Search Rank says forum anonymity may become a  thing of the past.
