First off, apologies for  the hiatus of this washingtonpost.com newsroom
update. Many folks in the  newsroom had cited this e-mail as a helpful tool
in finding out what  washingtonpost.com was up to and to in educating folks
on the web media  industry. Because we’ve  taken this hiatus, there’s much
to communicate, so this is a long e-mail.  Subsequent updates will not be
nearly as long.



If you have links to pass along, or  questions you’d like to see addressed
in this email, please drop me a line at jim.brady@washingtonpost.com.





TRAFFIC  INFORMATION

September Numbers

   In September, according to  internal numbers, washingtonpost.com had 219
   million page views and 15.9  million unique visitors. Nielsen had us at
   7.4 million unique visitors. There  are many reasons for the disparity.
   Nielsen doesn’t count any .gov or .mil  domains. Our internal numbers
   count the same person using two user names as  two people and not one.
   So the true number of uniques is somewhere between the  Nielsen and
   washingtonpost.com numbers you see above.
   The site’s top stories in  September:
         End of an Affair, Washington Post editorial: 358,000  page views
         No News Not the Best News for Katie Couric’s Debut, by  Tom
         Shales: 299,000 page views
         Clinton Administration Officials Assail ABC’s “The Path to  9/11”,
         by Howard Kurtz: 262,000 page views

August Numbers

   In August, according to internal  numbers, washingtonpost.com had 229
   million page views and 15.7 unique  visitors.

International Traffic

   For those interested in where our  international traffic comes from,
   here’s a sample of where our 15,928,374  unique visitors came from in
   September and the leaders from each continent:
      Africa: 52,397(South Africa 18,372; Morocco:  4,254; Niger 3,575)
      Asia: 467,323(Japan 78,133; China 67,562;  India 66,846)
      Australia: 167,453
      Europe:  1,044,550(UK  382,294; Germany 116,412; France 83,049)
      Middle East:  89,588(Israel  24,358; United Arab Emirates 14,261;
      Egypt 10,203; Iraq N/A)
      North America:  13,801,844(United States 13,123,322; Canada 586,924;
      Mexico 47,133)
      Oceania: 33,426(New Zealand 31,780; Guam  1,807; Northern Mariana
      Islands: 463)
      South America:  79,893(Brazil  27,398; Argentina 16,893; Venezuela
      8,033)
   Overall, 16.4 percent of our  unique visitors were international in
   September.

Podcasting

   We’ve seen huge increases in  podcasting over the past eight months. In
   February 2006, we had 41,402 video  podcast downloads and 3,909 audio
   podcast downloads. By October, those numbers  had grown to 603,525 video
   downloads and 91,593 audio downloads. In addition,  washingtonpost.com
   has its own iTunes page, where you can see our latest  offerings. If
   you’re interested in trying out any of these podcasts, check out  the
   full list at
   http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/mmedia/podcastfront.htm.

News Alerts

·          In April,  we passed 1 million subscribers for our breaking news
alerts.





RECENT  LAUNCHES

We’ve launched a ton of new things,  so I’ll break it down by section:



BUSINESS

   Post 200: This annual feature was enhanced  by some cool database
   features that showed top 100 executives by salary and by compensation.
   In the Pipeline, Frank Ahrens’ Enron trial blog,  which focused on the
   testimony of Ken Lay and Jeffrey Skilling.
   Marketwatchreleased upgrades to a handful of  our business pages that
   were not included in the redesign we rolled out  earlier this year. The
   new pages include: Markets News/Indices Main Page, Winners and Losers,
   Most Actively Traded and Currency Converter. Additionally, the updated
   look/feel for  mutual fund pages was also completed.

CARS

   Smart Wheels:Our guide to  eco-friendly automobiles, enhanced with a
   suite of live  discussions.

FEATURES

   2006 Holiday Guide: This special  section, launched in close cooperation
   with the newspaper, provides deep data  on holiday-related events in the
   area, plus subsections around Gifts,  Entertaining, Fashion, Activities
   and Seasonal Survival. We also launched a Holiday  911 blog, authored by
   Home’s Liz Seymour, to answer questions from  readers.
   The City Guide has gotten another upgrade to help readers  better
   understand the search functionality and to provide browse pages for
   categories like Restaurants. Other changes:
         A new City Guide main  page with quick browse links, popular
         profiles, and suggested searches
         A more prominent search  box with improved labeling
         Stronger faceted navigation  that is easier to use and more
         integrated into the pages
         Revamped search results  pages
         Improved functionality for  movie searches
   We launched the Lean Plate Club Holiday Challenge, where  we're working
   with Sally Squires to help people keep their weight steady  through the
   holidays. We've put video cameras in two readers' hands and are  running
   their video on the site.

GENERAL

   Reporter  Pages: We’ve now launched pages for each reporter that list
   recent  articles, an RSS feed and feedback box. Here’s an example for
   Dave Sheinin. You can reach these pages by clicking  on a linked byline
   and finding the “Recent Articles by…” link.
   Related Links Pages:  Working with our  partner Inform, we now have
   “Related Topics & Web Content” links at the  bottom of each article that
   drive readers to related content. For an article  on global warming,
   here’s the related page, which includes related links both on our site
   and other sites. Soon, the terms included on the related page will be
   hyperlinked in articles, allowing readers much easier access to related
   information. We hope this will drive readers deeper into
   washingtonpost.com,  and also give us an advantage over competitors in
   terms of helping readers  find related information on the Web at large.
   Lottery Results Tool, which features winning numbers  for the United
   States and Canada.
   Our new version of news  search launched earlier this year. The new
   search – an example here off a search on “Guantanamo Bay” -- allows for
   the filtering of any search return by a variety of categories, including
   byline, source, content type, section, etc. This makes it much easier to
   find  content on the site. Here’s a quick tutorial:
         If you search on the term  "Rumsfeld," for example, you'll see a
         result list of links to items  containing that search term in the
         center of your screen, with the most  recently published items at
         the top.
         On the left, you'll see a  variety of filters that allow you to
         quickly get to the results you're  looking for. For example, if
         the initial search returns items of more than  one content type
         (articles, photos, photo galleries, discussions, blogs,  City
         Guide profiles, etc.), then you'll see filters for each type
         returned. Clicking on Discussions will return a new list
         containing only  Discussions referencing "Rumsfeld.”
         Besides content type, the new  search gives you the ability to
         filter by byline, section, date and  source, and by entering
         additional keywords. You can keep applying  filters, or you can
         remove them by clicking on the red "x" you'll see next  to each
         filter.
         The new search automatically  sorts by date, but you can manually
         re-sort by relevancy or content type  by clicking on the "Sort by
         Relevance" or "Type" headers above the result  list.
   We completed the full rollout of  comments on articles in the late
   summer. Early returns  are extremely positive on this, both in terms of
   traffic and quality of posts.  While there are some trouble spots, we’ve
   had to remove very few comments.  Here’s a link to the most commented on
   stories.

JOBS

   Nail the Interview:An interactive game focused on,  as the title
   suggests, nailing the interview.
   Grad Guide:A package from the spring, aimed  at new college graduates to
   aid in their post-college life.
   Hiring Squad:Expert advice, tools and live  discussions designed to give
   job hunters a leg up on the  competition.

NATIONAL

   Faces of the Fallen:This database lists  all of America’s war dead in
   Iraq and Afghanistan, and is sortable by date, home town, military
   branch and age.
   Guantanamo Bay Detainee Database:A list of  Guantanamo detainees,
   sortable by nationality.

OPINIONS

   PostGlobal: Our first panel blog,  co-hosted by The Post’s David
   Ignatius and Newsweek’s Fareed Zakaria, features  a panel of more than
   40 journalists around the world who debate questions  posed by David and
   Fareed.
   OnFaith: Our second panel  blog, co-hosted by Newsweek’s Jon Meacham and
   The Post’s Sally Quinn, features  a lively discussion on faith.
   Panelists include Desmond Tutu, Mohammad  Khatami, Elaine Pagels and
   Elie Wiesel. For launch, we had guest posts from  the Dalai Lama and
   Kofi Annan.
   Think Tank  Town, where we take submissions from 10 of the nation’s
   most influential think tanks on the issues of the day.
   Bench Conference, a legal blog by Andrew  Cohen.

POLITICS

   Midterm  Madness, our political game, where readers tried to pick the
   results of all the contested House and Senate races for 2006. We
   received  almost 4,000 entries.
   Political Ads Database: We  catalogued and categorized 182 ads for the
   midterms, and plan on expanding  this effort for 2008.
   Congressional Voting Database: We’ve  added some upgrades to this
   popular feature:
      We’ve now added photos of all reps to their pages, and also
      demographic data for members’ districts, links to financial
      disclosure forms  and next election date.
      Every Senate vote page has a new  "By next election year" sort
      option, e.g.
      http://projects.washingtonpost.com/congress/109/senate/2/votes/202/
      . This
      lets you sort votes by reelection year. House votes don't have  this
      because
      it wouldn't make sense -- the members all have the same  re-election
      date.
      We’ve added descriptions of key  votes. (Example:
      http://projects.washingtonpost.com/congress/109/senate/2/votes/118/).
      We’ve added quick links to  washingtonpost.com's stories mentioning
      specific  lawmakers.
   We launched some additions to the  campaign 2006 data we presented on
   washingtonpost.com.
      For all candidates listed in our  key races interactive map, we now
      have campaign  finance information. (Example: the Pennsylvania Senate
      race).
      The main profile page offers a  snapshot of each candidate's
      cash-on-hand.  Links under each  candidate's name takes users to an
      expanded campaign finance page. (Example:  Casey and Santorum). The
      campaign finance data comes from the  Center for Responsive Politics
      and is current -- i.e. it reflects the  most-recent quarter for which
      #s are available.
      We've also added more census  information on House districts.
      (Example: Ohio 6). Additional census information on the  district is
      now included on the main page.
   Here’s a summary of other improvements we’ve made to our  political
   coverage.

SPORTS

   World Cup 2006, which included our  popular World Cup Fantasy Challenge,
   where readers picked six  players and a team defense and competed
   against others. We had more than  20,000 participants. We also had the
   Road to the World Cup blog.
   Spring All-Mets 2006and Winter All-Mets 2006.
   Nats Game Day, a in-game application that  tracks pitch-by-pitch
   progress of the Nats game, and includes a real-time  tracker that
   calculates the Nats’ chance of winning the  game.



TECHNOLOGY

   We've launched a group tech blog,  Post  I.T.



WORLD

   New Country  Pages: Working with the Columbia Electronic Encyclopedia,
   we’ve  launched new country pages that combine Washington Post content
   with  Columbia’s historical, geographical, economic and demographic
   data. Here’s Afghanistan. Whenever a country is mentioned in an article,
   the name is now hyperlinked to the relevant country page.
   Keith Richburg Podcast: We’re now podcasting  Keith’s weekly WTWP show.



OTHER  UPDATES

Global Navigation

We’ve made a few changes to our  global navigation in recent months:

   Politics was added back into the  main navigation in October. Because
   politics is so central to what we do, we  felt it deserved to be pulled
   out from under the News menu.
   In the Arts & Living dropdown,  we’ve removed Dating and Music and have
   added Beauty & Fashion and Theater  & Dance. Dating and Music will
   remain on the Arts &  Living section navigation. These changes were
   based on clicks on the  sub-navigation and traffic to subsections.

Mobile

   The home page of  washingtonpost.com is now “mobile aware.” What does
   that mean? If you  type in washingtonpost.com on a mobile device, we
   will automatically redirect  you to our mobile site, since our normal
   home page doesn’t look good on a  small screen. If this isn’t happening
   for you, send an e-mail to sarah.lumbard@wpni.com  and please pass on
   the make and model of the device you’re using.
   The traffic to our wireless site  is nomimal right now, averaging about
   9,000 page views per day. But on  Election Day, we received 22,000 page
   views, and expect traffic to increase  now that our site is “mobile
   aware.”

Partners

   Youtube.com has launched a washingtonpost.com page. Not many people
   using it so far,  but it’s a start.
   Yahoo is running  washingtonpost.com stories – direct links, not
   re-templated Post articles – on  its local Washington page.

Reader Engagement

   Our all articles now include a  feature that allow readers to submit any
   of our articles to six of the largest  social bookmarking sites: Digg,
   delicious, Reddit, Google, Yahoo and Facebook.  Here’s some background
   on social bookmarking.



TIPS  OF THE WEEK

   Headlines on Site:  One criticism of  washingtonpost.com that sometimes
   surfaces in the critiques relates to  headlines on the home page.
   Usually, the criticism is that the headlines are  bland or don’t reuse
   the more creative headlines often used in the paper. This  is
   intentional. On the web, our headline link is the one chance we have to
   get  someone to click on a story, and as such, needs to be direct and to
   the point.  We rarely have a large photo or subhed to help communicate
   the  subject of a story; we have that one headline. On the web, an
   indirect or  punny headline is far less likely to get a reader to click
   than a to-the-point  head. Additionally, the more direct the headline,
   the easier it is for search  engines like Google and Yahoo to determine
   the subject of the article and  return a link to readers interested in
   that topic. Here's an article that discusses this topic.
   Online  News Sites: I’m often asked for a list of sites that are useful
   for  someone trying to learn more about online journalism. These sites
   do the best  job of tracking the latest news, recent trends and
   providing links to cool  sites.
         http://www.buzzmachine.com/
         http://www.cyberjournalist.net/
         http://www.timporter.com/firstdraft/
         http://www.onsquared.com/
         http://www.paidcontent.org/
         http://journalism.nyu.edu/pubzone/weblogs/pressthink/
         http://www.poynter.org/column.asp?id=45
         http://www.poynter.org/column.asp?id=31
         http://www.editorandpublisher.com/eandp/index.jsp
         http://www.ojr.org/
         http://www.ajr.org/
         http://www.cjr.org/
   Helpful  Site for Reporters: Here’s a site that has lots of useful web
   links for reporters.



POST/POST.COM  WINS

   We worked closely with Foreign to  produce great web presentations of
   the pullout that ran Nov. 3. You can see  what we did at
   http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/linkset/2006/11/02/LI2006110201094.html
   .
   In preparation for our launch of  Smart Living, our consumer hub, we’ve
   started working with the paper on some  how-tos. Here’s one with Adrian
   Higgins on planting trees and shrubs.
   We continue to find ways to work  more closely with Washington Post
   Radio. Washingtonpost.com did almost three  dozen updates for WTWP in a
   24-hour period around Election Day. We have also  started collaborating
   on specific projects, such as creating audio files for  WTWP to use when
   discussing certain stories. We did this for a segment on the  Being a
   Black Man series about the relationships between black men and black
   women. We’re also increasingly providing live links to WTWP when it has
   high-profile guests.
   One specific project we're working on  with Washington Post Radio is
   "Tribute to the Fallen." These are radio  versions of our "Faces of the
   Fallen" project. Post.com producers Ed O'Keefe and Tanya Ballard write
   the scripts, Ed  voices them, and they air Fridays. The Tribute is then
   archived on the service  member's Faces of the Fallen page: Example: 2nd
   Lt. Emily J. Perez (From Prince George's County):
   http://projects.washingtonpost.com/fallen/dates/2006/sep/12/emily-j-perez/
   .  We're also adding links to soliders' pages when other papers write
   about them.  Here's an example:
   http://projects.washingtonpost.com/fallen/dates/2006/oct/02/kristofer-c-walker/
   .


   Among the many  successful collaborations between newsrooms, three broke
   new ground –  Being a Black Man, 2006 Holiday Guide and the Ohio River
   Ramble. We’ll discuss more in  the next e-mail how these projects came
   together and why they have been major  successes.




WORTH A  PEEK

   Interactivenarratives.org: This  site looks at news and information
   sites from around the web, points to  interesting packages and analyzes
   what makes them work. A good primer for  learning how people consume
   news and information on the Web.
   Reboot.bbc.co.uk: Interesting  concept where the BBC asks its readers to
   help redesign its site.
   http://www.parkingcarma.com/its/DesktopDefault.aspx?tabid=65:  Another
   cool mashup, this one allows you to see how many parking spaces are
   available in Bay Area public parking lots.
   http://preview.local.live.com/:  This Microsoft demo site allows you to
   move a car around maps of Seattle and  San Francisco at the bottom of
   the screen, and see photos of that block on the  top of the screen. It's
   buggy, but interesting.
   http://www.backfence.com/home/index.cfm?mycomm=AR:  Backfence has now
   launched sites in seven communities in the Washington  area.
   The Washington City  Paper, Washingtonian and The  Examiner have
   launched redesigned Web sites
   Here's a report by Journalism.org on the web's election night coverage.
   We fared well, and were discussed  here.



AWARDS

It’s been a big awards year from  washingtonpost.com in 2006. Here’s what
we've won:



Digital Edge  Awards

   Best Overall News Site,  circulation of 250,000 or greater,
   washingtonpost.com
   Best Employment Strategy,  circulation of 250,000 or greater,
   washingtonpost.com Jobs
   Best Automotive Strategy,  circulation of 250,000 or greater,
   washingtonpost.com Cars
   Best Entertainment Site,  circulation of 250,000 or greater,
   washingtonpost.com City Guide

Edward R. Murrow  Award

   Best Non-Broadcast Affiliated  Website, washingtonpost.com

Editor & Publisher Awards  (Eppys)

   Best Overall Newspaper-Affiliated  Web Site, washingtonpost.com
   Best Internet Classified Service,  washingtonpost.com Cars
   Best Inernet Community Service  Effort, U.S. Congressional Votes
   Database

Emmy Award, Outstanding Achievement  in Content for Non-Traditional
Delivery Platforms

   Travis Fox, Coverage of Hurricane Katrina

Local Emmy Award, Best  Public/Current/Community Affairs Program or Special

   Ben de la Cruz for his "Homeless in D.C.” series.

Knight-Batten Award for Innovations  in Journalism, Award of Distinction

   U.S. Congressional Votes Database

National Press Photographers  Association video contest

   1st place, Web content: Travis  Fox, “Living in Deserted New Orleans”
   2nd place, General News Special  Effects: Pierre Kattar, “Antiwar
   Protest”
   3rd place, General: Ben de la  Cruz, “Missing Connections in New
   Orleans”
   3rd place, Web content:  Travis Fox, “Voice from the Line”
   3rd place, Editor's Feature:  Travis Fox, “Chathura’s Story of the
   Tsunami”
   Honorable Mention, Topical  Category (Hurricanes): Travis Fox,“US Army
   Patrols New Orleans”
   Honorable Mention, Editor's  Feature: Travis Fox, “Sunday Mass for Pope
   John Paul II"

Society of News Design Annual  Awards

   Silver, Being a Black Man
   Bronze, Gulf Coast in the Wake of Katrina
   Bronze, A Life Lived in 4/4 Time
   Award of Excellence, Journey to the Border
   Award of Excellence, Aceh: One Year Later

Webby, People's Voice  Award

   Best Newspaper Site

White House News  Photographers Association video awards

   Winner of 31 of 90  prizes awarded
   Editor of the Year:  Travis Fox
   1st place:  Documentary, Travis Fox: Inside Egypt's Opposition
   1st place, General  News: Travis Fox, In Line at Rosa Parks Funeral
   1st place, Day  Feature: Travis Fox, U.S. Army Patrols New Orleans
   1st place, Sports:  Jenn Crandall, Gridiron Divas
   1st place,  Political: Travis Fox, Senate Intelligence
   1st place, News  Feature Editing: Travis Fox, Voices From the Line
   1st place,  Presidential/Politics Editing: Christina Pino-Marina and Ben
   de la Cruz,  Immigration Issue Heats Up in Herndon
   2nd place, Spot  News: Pierre Kattar, Journalist Assassinated
   2nd place, News  Feature: Travis Fox, Returning to Flooded New Orleans
   2nd place, Sports:  Travis Fox, D.C. United's Biggest Fan
   2nd place, Audio:  Travis Fox, The Funeral of Pope John Paul II
   2nd place, Same-Day  Editing: Travis Fox, U.S. Army Patrols New Orleans
   2nd place, Sports  Editing: Travis Fox, D.C. United's Biggest Fan
   3rd place, Feature:  Travis Fox, Tsunami Mass Grave
   3rd place, News  Special Reports/Series: Travis Fox, Still Living in
   Tents, a Year After the  Tsunami
   3rd place, Network:  Travis Fox, Fueling Azerbaijan's Future
   3rd place, Spot News  Editing: Pierre Kattar, Journalist Assassinated
   3rd place,  Documentary Editing: Travis Fox, Inside Egypt's Opposition
   Award of Excellence,  Spot News: Pierre Kattar, Antiwar Protest
   Award of Excellence,  Day Feature: Pierre Kattar, Student Bus Rally in
   Beirut
   Award of Excellence,  News Feature: Pierre Kattar, D.C.'s Papal Museum
   Award of Excellence,  Feature: Ben de la Cruz, A Jazzman Returns
   Award of Excellence,  News Special Reports/Series: Christina
   Pino-Marina, A Life Lived in 4/4  Time
   Award of Excellence,  News Special Reports/Series: John Poole and Jenn
   Crandall, The Sheriff of Gay  Washington
   Award of Excellence,  Same-Day Editing: Pierre Kattar, Gubernatorial
   Kickoff
   Award of Excellence,  Same-Day Editing: Christina Pino-Marina, Surviving
   War, Then  Katrina
   Award of Excellence,  Editing Short Form: Travis Fox, Living in Flooded
   New Orleans
   Award of Excellence,  Sports Editing: Ben de la Cruz, Neighborhood Fight
   Night
   Award of Excellence,  Sports Editing: Christina Pino-Marina, From
   Russia, With Game
   Award of Excellence,  Presidential/Politics Editing: John Poole,
   Congress Plays Ball

AFI Silverdocs Film  Festival

   Official selection and Audience  Award winner: “The Sheriff of Gay
   Washington” by John W. Poole and Jennifer  Crandall

ChicagoFilm Festival

   Official selection: “The Sheriff  of Gay Washington,” John W. Poole and
   Jennifer Crandall

Austin International Film  Festival

   Official selection: “The Sheriff  of Gay Washington” by John W. Poole
   and Jennifer Crandall

Edward R. Murrow Regional  Award

   Regional award, Large Market  Television, Region 12, Investigative
   Reporting (in partnership with MHZ  Networks): Christina Pino-Marina and
   Pierre Kattar, Following the Money  in Afghanistan



PRESS  ROOM

WASHINGTONPOST.COM

   Post.com was among the sites  called out for election night innovations.
   See the complete list
   Washingtonpost.com’s Chris  Cillizza was listed as one of America’s next
   top pundits by The Wall Street Journal.
   Editor & Publisher wrote about  our Midterm Madness game.
   According to newsknife.com, washingtonpost.com ranked 4th among news
   sites in  links on the home page of google.com. This speaks well to the
   overall  relevance of the site, and our efforts to optimize our pages
   for Google  search.
   A bunch of sites covered Len  Downie’s speech at the Online News
   Association conference in Washington in  October. Here's one example:
   paidcontent.org,
   EPolitics talks about our social media efforts.
   Frank Ahrens wrote about his Enron blogging experience for American
   Journalism  Review.
   Find out what web readers are  saying about our Congressional Voting
   Databases and Faces of the Fallen.
    Local Onliner writes about our online classifieds  strategy.
   Holovaty: Newsrooms Need More Structured  Data (Poynter)
   The Miami Herald uses washingtonpost.com’s Congressional voting
   database to razz a chronic vote misser.
   Slashdot takes a look at  washingtonpost.com’s 10 years on the  Web.
   Jeff Croft talks about “new” journalism.
   Chez Nadezdha loves PostGlobal and  washingtonpost.com.
   Former Washington Post and  washingtonpost.com staffer Mindy McAdams
   loves the online presentation of Being a Black  Man.
   Steve Priest thought we deserved the Editor & Publisher  awards we won.
   Rebecca Hartong sent her congratulations on our E&P  awards.
   MotherPie was a fan of Frank Ahrens’ Enron blog.
   Blogma likes our del.icio.us deal. So does Metroblogging Washington.
   Search Rank says  forum anonymity may become a thing of the past.
   Wonkette loves the congressional database, especially the  horoscope
   sorter.

THE COMPETITION

   The New York Times’ Digital Makeover (CNNMoney.com)
   The Paper Chase (Broadcasting & Cable)
   Boston Globe, Boston.com to meld news  operations (Boston Globe)
    N.Y. Times, Dow Jones tout online pay  models (CBS Marketwatch)
   NYtimes.com has started an “Ask the Editors” feature. It’s not live,
   like our Live  Online, but does provide some interesting insight.
   CNN.com has redesigned its home  page, and here are the key changes.
   The New York Times  launched its Politics blog, The Caucus.
   WTOP.com has opened  all of its articles to comments.
   Surprise: Gates, Sulzberger Unveil New Web/Print  'Reader' (Editor &
   Publisher)
   BBC to shake up web with more interactivity (Financial  Times)

THE  INDUSTRY

   eMarketer: Online Video Ads To Surge 89% In  '07 (MediaPost)
   NAA Analysis Shows 8 Percent Increase in Total Newspaper  Audience (NAA)
   Online Newspaper Audience Experiences Record Month in Third  Quarter
   (NAA)
   Google expands online news index to include older articles  (CBS
   MarketWatch)
   Ten Toes in the Multimedia Waters (Editor &  Publisher)
   Taking the Paper Out of Newspapers (Al-Ahram Weekly)
   What’s Stopping Innovation in Today’s News Media  (LostRemote)
   A Sea of Change for Papers’ Web Sites (MediaLife  Magazine)
   Online Newspaper Readers Younger, Buy  More(NAA)
   Social Networking Spreads To News  Sites (MediaPost)
   The Future of News: Sense-Making and Other  Strategies for Survival
   (Poynter)
   Guardian to offer news online  first (The Guardian)
   Newspapers Are Dying, but the News Is  Thriving (Slate)
   Study: Web Is the No. 1  Media (cNet)
   As Market Shifts, Newspapers Try to Lure  New, Young Readers (Wall
   Street Journal)
   Newspapers: From Print to Pixels  (Business Week)
   Men And Women Equal Internet Viewers of News  Content (Center for Media
   Research)
   While TV is First For News, Newspapers Are  Close Second (MediaPost)
   Embracing Contradictions: Andrew Heyward on  the Value of News (Poynter)
   The Future of News: A Challenge to Both  Sides of the House (Poynter)
   Media Frenzy: Waiting for the Dough on the  Web (New York Times;
   TimesSelect required)
   The People Formerly Known as the  Audience (Pressthink.org)
