Here’s  this week’s update from the washingtonpost.com newsroom.  If you
have links to pass along, or  questions you’d like to see addressed in this
email, please drop me a line at jim.brady@washingtonpost.com.





TRAFFIC  FACTS

·          For most of the past  two weeks, washingtonpost.com’s video
podcast selections ranked between No. 16  and 20 on the iTunes top 100 most
downloaded podcasts. This ranking means  we are surpassed only by NPR and
CNN among true broadcast content  creators.

·          We have completed our  negotiation with Proquest, our archives
provider, to extend free archives from  14 days to 60 days. We expect this
will help us increase page views, since more  articles will be available
for free. The change will take effect next week, as  soon as we get a press
release out.

·          After one month live,  our online Sudoku game has already
reached traffic levels projected for six  months after launch.





RECENT LAUNCHES   (new launches in red)

   12/13:Expanding video player, to allow  for better video experience
   within an article. (Example:
   http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2005/12/13/AR2005121302119.html
   )
   12/9:New post.com wireless site. Go to  http://www.twp.com (using a
   wireless  device)
   12/2: Congressional voting database going back to  1991.Among the
   features in the database are pages for each congressman, for each vote,
   those who have missed the most votes in  the House and Senate and much
   more. Even better, adding new  ways of massaging the data is relatively
   simple, so please send on any  suggestions.
   11/28:Our  first Post foreign  correspondent video, via Kevin Sullivan.
   11/24:Post.blog, an internal  blog is where we’ll post news of new
   launches or any other key issues relating  to washingtonpost.com.
   11/24:Post Remix, a tech  developer site for washingtonpost.com. This is
   an area where we make our RSS  feeds available to outside developers to
   see what interesting ways they can  come up with to use the data to
   build new site tools. Among the interesting  ideas we’ve already seen. A
   automated  news quiz, a world news  map that collections stories by
   region by using our Foreign RSS feed, and  a way to navigate articles by
   clicking on key words.
   11/22:Holiday  Tech Gift Guide
   11/20: Redskins in-game play-by-play
   11/14: Seasoned  Greetings holiday food blog



TIP OF THE  WEEK

   Podcasting.  Who’s Interested?: While we’re out of the gate  on video
   podcasting (see note in Traffic Facts section), we’re still working  to
   get audio podcasts up. We have done 10-12 tests over the past month,
   with  the goal to test possible voices, understand the production time
   required and  find the best articles to use as podcasts. We plan on
   going live with a daily  Post podcast after the holiday, and soon after,
   are planning on launching a  local music podcast. One other thing we’d
   like to see, however, is whether  there are columnists/reporters
   interesting in podcasting any of their  articles. If you’re interested
   (or just have questions on podcasting), please  send me an email at
   jim.brady@washingtonpost.com.



POST/POST.COM  WINS

·          The team of post.com’s  Adrian Holovatyand The Post’s  Derek
Willis were the brains behind the congressional voting  database we
launched a few weeks back, and this project has gotten terrific  buzz
across the Web. You can see some of the kudos on Technorati.  On a side
note, two developers have already taken this data and built their own
mashups, one of the votes of all Minnesota reps and another of Illinois
reps.

·          Working  closely with the Baghdadbureau, we were able to acquire
video  of demonstrations outside the offices of the Kurdistan Islamic Union
and get it  on the Web. The Post staffers worked with Post.com's multimedia
team to  determine the best  method to transfer the contents of a DVD from
Iraq to  Arlington.





WORTH A  PEEK

   Hampton Roads TV:  Virginian-Pilot Interactive Media launched this
   community video initiative a  few weeks ago.
   Google Answers and Yahoo Answers: This is a relatively new  concept,
   sites where readers can ask research questions and receive the  answers
   -- for a price.
   2005 Top Searches: Here’s a  category-driven list of what terms people
   searched on most in 2005, according  to Yahoo. In news, the top searches
   were for “tsunami,” “Iraq” and  “Michael Jackson trial.”



OTHER NEWS

Promotion

   The Going Out Gurus, comprised of  eight members of our City Guide team,
   began a series of weekly appearances on  Channel 9 to discuss local
   entertainment. The weekly spot runs at  approximately 5:40pm ET on
   Thursdays and can be seen at  http://wusatv9.com/what2do/default.aspx.

Awards

   The Pulitzer Prize Board announced  last week that newspapers vying for
   a Pulitzer will be permitted to include  material published online as
   part of their entries. The new guidelines will  apply to the 2006
   awards, which cover work in 2005. The Public Service  category has
   allowed online content to be part of its entries since 1999, but  the 13
   other journalism categories will allow online content for the first
   time.

Personnel

   As you have already seen via a  newsroom e-mail, Terry Neal will  be
   headed back to the newspaper to serve as local government editor on
   Metro's  Maryland desk. Terry is planning to work closely with
   washingtonpost.com's metro staff  to create content that will complement
   the Virginia-centric government content  we’ve added in the past six
   months.
   We've hired Jason Manning to be our new Politics  Editor. Jason comes to
   us now from PBS NewsHour's Web site, where he has been  national editor
   since 2002. Jason, who was an intern at washingtonpost.com in  2000, has
   also been an education producer at U.S. News & World Report's  Web site
   and has done contract work at AOL.
   Aalok Mehtahas joined us as a producer  on the news desk. Aalok comes to
   us from Chemical &  Engineering News in D.C. where he was an associate
   editor for ACS  News and Special Features. There, he wrote breaking news
   and feature  pieces on science, business, technology, employment and
   education for American  Chemical Society's Web site and weekly magazine.
   He also served as copyeditor  and staff photographer in this role. Prior
   to this position, Aalok was an  editorial assistant at Citysearch.com in
   Houston.



PRESS  ROOM

   Dispelling  the Myth of Readership Decline (Editor &  Publisher)
   A  Recipe for Newspaper Survival in the Internet Age (Slashdot)
   Chicago  Tribune to start continuous news desk (Chicago Tribune)
   Adding a Price Tag (American  Journalism Review)
   USA  Today Combines Online and Print Newsrooms (CBS  Marketwatch)
   Rosen  on Froomkin, and Why The Post Is the Nation’s Flagship Paper
   (PressThink)
   Washingtonpost.com  Teams Up With Readers for Remix (Information Today)
   New  York Times Blogging Memo (L.A.Observed)
   Online Advertising’s  Tipping Point Approaches (ClickZ)
