Here’s this week’s update from the washingtonpost.com newsroom.  If you
have links to pass along, or  questions you’d like to see addressed in this
email, please drop me a line at  jim.brady@washingtonpost.com.



FYI, there will be no update next  week. Happy holidays to all of you from
all of us at  washingtonpost.com.



TRAFFIC FACTS

·          Our  Nielsen numbers for November, which were down across the
board (as they  were for most of our competitors):

o         8.2  million unique visitors. Among our competitive set of sites,
uniques were down 3  percent. Washingtonpost.com was down 1.2 percent.

o         129  million page views. Among our competitive set, page views
were down 1.7 percent.  Washingtonpost.com was down 11 percent.

o         4.5  visits per visitor.

o         16 page  views per visitor.

o         18  minutes 25 seconds time spent per visitor.

·          Locally,  washingtonpost.com moved up to the No. 8 domain in the
Washington DMA. We were  9th in October, but passed mapquest.com in
November. Local users  generated 49 pages per person, 11.75 visits per
person and spent 51 minutes 42  seconds on the site.

·          The two  most read articles on the site in November were by AP:
Locked Doors Thwart  Bush’s Bid to Duck Questions (496,000 page views) and
One SquareInch  of Land for Saleat $1,500 (291,000 page views). The most
read Post-written article in November  was “Sex  at School Increasing,
Educators Say,” by Tara Bahrampour and Ian Shapira,  which received more
than 290,000 page views. The large majority of referrals for  all three
articles came from the Drudge Report.





RECENT LAUNCHES  (new launches in red)

   12/22: Archives were officially changed  so that readers now get 60 days
   free, and not just 14. Here’s the press  release.
   12/19: Local music podcast. You can sign  up for a subscription by
   pasting this URL into your iTunes podcast subscribe  box:
   http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/mmedia/podcastfront.htm
   12/13:Expanding video player, to allow  for better video experience
   within an article. (Example:
   http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2005/12/13/AR2005121302119.html
   )
   12/9:New post.com wireless site. Go to  http://www.twp.com (using a
   wireless  device)
   12/2: Congressional voting  database going back to 1991.Among the
   features in the database are pages  for each congressman,  for each vote
   ,  those who have missed the most votes in the House  and Senate  and
   much more. Even better, adding new ways of massaging the data is
   relatively simple, so please send on any suggestions.
   11/28:Our  first Post foreign  correspondent video, via Kevin Sullivan.
   11/24:Post.blog, an internal  blog is where we’ll post news of new
   launches or any other key issues relating  to washingtonpost.com.
   11/24:Post Remix, a tech  developer site for washingtonpost.com. This is
   an area where we make our RSS  feeds available to outside developers to
   see what interesting ways they can  come up with to use the data to
   build new site tools. Among the interesting  ideas we’ve already seen.
   An automated  news quiz, a world news  map that collections stories by
   region by using our Foreign RSS feed, and  a way to navigate articles by
   clicking on key words.



TIP  OF THE WEEK

   WPNI E-Mail  Addresses: I have realized in recent  weeks that many folks
   in the newsroom don’t realize that washingtonpost.com  uses a different
   format for its e-mail addresses. Unlike the Post newsroom, we  do not
   use the last name/first initial format. We use
   firstname.lastname@wpni.com. Also, you can use either
   “washingtonpost.com” or  “wpni.com” at the end of any e-mail to us, and
   both will end up in the same  place, so you can send e-mail to me at
   either jim.brady@wpni.com or jim.brady@washingtonpost.com.



POST/POST.COM  WINS

   Exporting  Democracy:To  enhance this three-part series by David Finkel,
   we ran five videos (here’s one)  by Lucian Perkins and built out a photo
   gallery. Additionally, we ran a graphic  and timeline that appeared in
   the paper. This was also a learning experience  for both sides, as some
   miscommunications about what was running on which days  pointed out the
   need for better communication in the hours prior the paper’s
   publication.
   Prelude  to Disaster:For this series by Susan Glasser and Michael
   Grunwald, we’ve added two  graphics (here  and here),  a timeline,
   documents (example here),  a video interview with Susan,  an audio
   interview with Michael  and a joint Live  Online appearance by both.



WORTH A  PEEK

   DCroads.net: This site has not launched  yet, but looks as if it will
   try and be a definitive traffic site for the  Washingtonarea, as the
   same folks have  launched similar sites in New York, Philadelphia and
   Boston.
   Google  Zeitgeist: What were the year’s most-used search terms, the
   biggest  gainers, etc.?



OTHER  NEWS

Awards

   Washingtonpost.com picked up six  nominations for the Digital Edge
   Awards, the most of any site. We were  nominated for
      Best Overall News Site
      Best Entertainment Site
      Best Design & Site  Architecture
      Best Automotive Strategy
      Best Employment Strategy
      Best Real Estate  Strategy
      The PalmBeachPost.comreceived five nominations.  AugustaChronicle.com
      , BonitaNews.com, Boston.com, Chicago  Tribune Interactive,
      HamptonRoads.com/PilotOnline.com, KnoxNews.com, LJWorld.com,
      NYTimes.comand Online  Athenseach  received three or more
      nominations.
      For more details and other  nominees, go to:
      http://www.digitaledge.org/DigArtPage.cfm?aid=7373

Congressional  Database

   We added five new ways to cut the  data in this feature: Impeachment
   votes, Nomination  votes, Speaker  elections, Treaty  votes and
   Vice-Presidential  tiebreakers.



PRESS  ROOM

   Blogger  in Newsroom at Washington Post (Washingtonian)
   Paper-Run Websites  Prosper (MilwaukeeJournal-Sentinel)
   New  Year’s Resolutions for the Newspaper Industry (Editor &  Publisher)
   Washingtonpost.com  Extends Free Content Window (ClickZ)
